Add meta descriptions (#4003)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/capabilities/anomalies-detection/how-it-works.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Learn how anomaly and malware detection works in Wazuh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Learn more about the Wazuh anomaly detection capability and the checks performed to find the anomalies caused by an intruder or malware.
```
